UBER EATS UK DELIVERY SERVICES AGREEMENT Thank you for choosing Uber Eats . Starting on 4th April 2022 , we have made some changes to the way delivery works in the UK . This Delivery Services Agreement ( the " Terms " ) sets forth relevant terms and conditions governing the provision of Delivery Services for items ordered via Uber Eats , and your relationship with Uber Eats UK Limited ( " Uber Eats UK " ) where you request it to provide Delivery Services as described below . You can contact us by using the Help section of the Uber Eats App , or at First Floor , Aldgate Tower , 2 Leman Street , London , United Kingdom , E1 8FA ( legal-contracts-bv@uber.com ) . In order to request Delivery Services in the UK for the first time on or after 4th April 2022 , all Uber Eats users must accept these Terms . By requesting Delivery Services , you confirm that you accept these Terms . These Terms will apply to all subsequent orders you place for Delivery Services . You will be notified about any changes to the Terms by e - mail and a new version will be made available online . When accessing or using the Delivery Services , you consent to be bound by the Terms , as amended , at the time you use the Delivery Services . These Terms are additional to the terms you have entered into in relation to your use of Uber 's app / website services ( " User Terms " ) . For the purpose of the User Terms , the Uber entity you have contracted with for Uber Delivery ( as defined below ) is Uber Eats UK . These Terms will apply to your use of Uber Eats via any means ( including orders placed on the Uber Eats App , the Uber Rides App or on ubereats.com ) , when we use the term “ Uber Eats App ” in these Terms , that term includes any App or website on which you order via Uber Eats . 1 Use of the Uber Eats App 1.1 To use the Uber Eats App to order food , beverages , or other items ( " Items " ) from restaurants or other businesses ( " Merchants " ) , you must first register for and maintain an active personal user services account in accordance with the User Terms ( " Uber Account " ) . 1.2 With regards to the registration for an Uber Account , the use of the Uber Eats and your Uber Account , the User Terms shall be solely applicable . 1.3 Uber Eats UK ( or one of its affiliates ) may decide according to its reasonable business discretion whether or not to accept your registration for an Uber Account . Once your registration has been accepted , you will be provided access to the Uber Eats App and Uber Eats . 2 Use of the Delivery Services 2.1 Once you have been provided access to the Uber Eats App , you may place orders for Items . Please note , the description of the Items available on the Uber Eats App is based on the information provided by the relevant Merchant . You may request that Items be delivered ( " Delivery Services " ) . 2.2 Your Items may be delivered either by Uber Eats UK ( “ Uber Delivery ” ) or by the Merchant ( “ Merchant Delivery " ) depending on the Merchant you have selected . 2.3 In the case of an Uber Delivery , you will contract with and be charged by Uber Eats UK for the Delivery Services . Uber Eats UK will request an independent contractor ( a “ Delivery Partner ” ) to collect Items from the Merchant and deliver such items to you on Uber Eats UK ’s behalf . 2.4 In the case of a Merchant Delivery , you will contract with and be charged by the Merchant for the Delivery Services . The Delivery Services will be performed by employees , contractors , workers or agents of the Merchant who provide Delivery Services on a Merchant ’s behalf , not arranged by Uber Eats UK . 2.5 In other cases , such as a Pickup order , you may place orders for Items via the Uber Eats App which do not require the use of Delivery Services . 2.6 Uber Delivery is an Uber Provided Service , as referred to in the User Terms . 2.7 In the case of an Uber Delivery , Uber Eats UK will endeavour to ensure that your Items will be delivered to you as soon as reasonably possible . We will give you an estimated range of how long the delivery will take before you place the order . Unfortunately , independent factors such as traffic and weather , as well as the actions or inactions of Merchants or Delivery Partners may cause delays in the provision of Delivery Services . Uber Eats UK reserves the right to refuse to accept and/or complete an Uber Delivery if the delivery point is a school . 2.8 Delivery Services are offered in designated regional areas as communicated via the Uber Eats App from time to time ( “ Delivery Service Area ” ) . Uber does not guarantee that the Delivery Services will be available in the Delivery Service Area at all times . 2.9 You and Uber Eats UK may terminate these Terms or the Delivery Services if the other party violates the provisions of these Terms . Subject to clause 2.10 , you can terminate these Terms by writing to us or by no longer requesting Delivery Services . Uber may suspend all or part of the Delivery Services , and otherwise , operate or discontinue the Delivery Services . 2.10 You may cancel your order until the Merchant has accepted your order . Once the the Merchant has accepted your order , you will no longer be able to cancel and you will be charged full price for your ordered Items . If you cancel your order after the delivery has begun , you will also be charged full price for Delivery Services . 2.11 If either an Uber Delivery or Merchant Delivery fails for reasons attributed to you ( for example , you were not available when your Items were delivered to you ) you may be charged full price for both Items and Delivery Services . 2.12 If Uber Eats UK cancels the Delivery Services for any reason not attributed to you , you will be entitled to a refund for any Fees paid . 3 Payment for the Delivery Services 3.1 The price of the Delivery Services ( the “ Fees ” ) will be determined based on the price shown in the Uber Eats App before you place your order for Delivery Services . All fees are in pounds sterling and include VAT . 3.2 You shall pay any Fees for Delivery Services via one of the payment options ( which will always include credit or debit card ) as offered by Uber Eats UK from time to time . When you place an order for Items , Uber Eats UK may need to verify your payment method by issuing a temporary authorisation hold from your bank . When your order has been completed , if you think a payment is incorrect , please contact us promptly to let us know . 3.3 If you are unhappy with an Uber Delivery , your sole recourse will be with Uber Eats UK . Uber Eats UK will provide refunds for a substandard Uber Delivery at its sole discretion . 3.4 Without prejudice to any separate right to suspend your Uber Account , insofar as a fee payment can not be honoured because of insufficient funds , Uber Eats UK shall be entitled to suspend your access to Delivery Services by blocking the Uber Eats App until your selected payment method is effecting payments .